Release 0 11 (#463)
kestra-io/docs: content/docs/09.administrator-guide/04.servers.md

**Options:**

> * `--skip-executions`: the list of execution identifiers to skip. For troubleshooting only when an execution cannot be process by Kestra.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `--skip-executions`: the list of execution identifiers to skip. Use it only for troubleshooting e.g. when an execution cannot be processed by Kestra.
```

* `-f` or `--flow-path`: the path to a directory with YAML flow files. These files will be loaded to the repository at startup.
* `--worker-thread`: the number of worker threads. By default, the embedded worker will start 3 threads or a single thread per CPU core when more than 3 CPU cores are available.

> * `--skip-executions`: the list of execution identifiers to skip. For troubleshooting only when an execution cannot be process by Kestra.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `--skip-executions`: the list of execution identifiers to skip. Use it only for troubleshooting e.g. when an execution cannot be processed by Kestra.
```
